[Select] Fix incorrect selecting of first element (#36024)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/selects/selects.md

{{"demo": "GroupedSelect.js"}}

:::warning
If you wish to wrap the ListSubheader in a custom component, you'll have to annotate it so Material UI can handle it properly when determining focusable elements.

> You can either define a static boolean field called `muiSkipListHighlight` on your component function, and set it to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options for solving this:
Option 1: Define a static boolean field called `muiSkipListHighlight` on your component function, and set it to `true`:
```

```tsx
function MyListSubheader(props: ListSubheaderProps) {
  return <ListSubheader {...props} />;
}

MyListSubheader.muiSkipListHighlight = true;
export default MyListSubheader;

// elsewhere:

return (
  <Select>
    <MyListSubheader>Group 1</MyListSubheader>
    <MenuItem value={1}>Option 1</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value={2}>Option 2</MenuItem>
    <MyListSubheader>Group 2</MyListSubheader>
    <MenuItem value={3}>Option 3</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value={4}>Option 4</MenuItem>
    {/* ... */}
  </Select>
```

> ...or place a `muiSkipListHighlight` prop on each instance of your component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 1: Place a `muiSkipListHighlight` prop on each instance of your component.
```
